
Pemberton Pet Supplies

Animal Barn is Pemberton’s source for pet food and animal supplies. Our wide selection fits the needs of pet owners, farmers and chicken coop hobbyists. Come to our store to find:
Canned cat food
Cat food
Cat kibble
Canned dog food
Dog food
Dog kibble
Dog treats
Raw/frozen/dehydrated dog and cat food and bones
Dog and cat accessories, including leashes and toys
Animal fencing
Baler twine
Chicken feed
Chicken feeders and water dispensers
Live traps for pests
Other farm supplies
Bird seed
Supplements for horses and dogs
Horse feed
Horse tack
Bridles
Horse brushes
Horse shampoos
Fly masks
Rain sheets
Fly sheets
Horse blankets
Riding helmets
Safety vests (padded and florescent)
First aid kits
Brands
To best serve our customers, Pet Barn is proud to have high quality, top of the line pet brands in stock at our Pemberton location. Our brands include but are not limited to:
 Our Location - call us or get directions today Group of dogs
 Firstmate natural Choice Orijen Acana petcurean Holistic Blend Otter co-op





 Find the Pet Supplies You Need in Pemberton

At Animal Barn, we’re dedicated to helping our customers get exactly what they need for their pets. If you’re looking for a specific product and it’s not in stock, let us know. We’ll be happy to custom order for you from our suppliers so you can get it as quickly as possible. Whether it’s a unique pet gift or a specific pet food brand, we’ll help you get what you need. Call or visit us today to get your specialty order started!

Save Money with Animal Barn

Pet Barn is focused on bringing Pemberton customers high quality pet supplies at competitive rates. Check out our current special offers to see how you can save on the supplies you need. If you have any questions, come by our location on Portage Road – and ask about our Frequent Seeder Program!

 specials
New Product
Canadian Naturals™ Dog Food: turkey and salmon in adult, senior, small bites and large breed plus puppy/adult chicken or lamb

 specials
Pet Food
For most brands of dog food, cat food and kibble, buy 10 bags and get the 11th free or buy 12 and get the 13th free!






Come Visit Pemberton’s Animal Barn

Do you have a question about our selection at Animal Barn? Fill out the eform (including the best way to reach you) and we’ll respond soon with your answer. If you’d like to speak to us, you can also call us or visit our Pemberton location. We’re open seven days a week.

Address
1-1384 Portage Rd, Pemberton, BC, V0N 2L1

Phone
Main 604-894-6740

Email
whistlerpet@gmail.com

Business Hours

Summer Hours
Monday – Thursday: 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Friday: 9:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Saturday: 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Sunday: 10:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Closed on statutory holidays with special hours for special events.

Winter Hours (Thanksgiving to Easter)
Monday – Thursday: 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Friday: 10:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Saturday: 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Sunday: 12:00 PM - 4:00 PM
Closed on statutory holidays.


Email Us

Name*

Phone Number*

Email*

Comment*
